Spacero Design Doc version 2

Description
- 2D mobile local multiplayer game 
- Like Warioware but in SPACE
- Difference from other mini-game games:
	same controls from stage to stage

Game Modes
- 1p practice mode: practice stages by yourself and try to get high scores
- 2p tournament mode: play through a series of maps with friend
	player can choose best 2 out of 3, 3 out of 5, 4 out of 7
	each map has a different objective. tournament will try to use maps with different 
		objectives. each object should have a few maps with randomized things.

Basic Gameplay (common across all objectives)
- Planets orbit in space
	asteroids: fast rotation, small gravity, used for orientation and position
	big planets: slow rotation, big gravity, used for orbital runs
		sometimes contains coins or powerups (you can tell by the sprite)
	Space debris: varid rotation speed, cannot land. bounces players off
	Blackholes: no rotation, big gravity, used for orbital runs
		kills players that get too slow
	Deathplanets: rotates slowly, periodically shoots out destructive beams to avoid
- Press space to jump
	tap to jump at a slow speed, hold and release for fast charged jump
	jumping off planets damages it. 
		small planets will explode (and respawn)
		bigger planets will crack and then explode (and respawn)
- Kill other players 
	either by blowing up the planet they're on
	or jump running into them at a higher speed
- Collect things by flying into them
	coins, power ups, etc
	rack up combos for coins for more points
- Orbital slings
	aim slightly off a big planet to use the planet's gravity to change your flight course
	used to get to otherwise inaccessible locations
- Special skills
	default skill is to slowly fly towards nearest planet
	use powerups to get new skills 
		dash forward
		hookshot
		enlarge
		teleport
		
		
Different objectives
- Collect most coins
- Destroy most planets
- Hunt floating aliens (essentially just floating coins but they move)
- bring a satelite to a certain region
- survive in a hostile environment

thoughts
- okay so the plan was to have many different maps of different objectives and rotate between them randomly from for different cups
- but does that make it hard to balance? maybe not. the game should just be shorter and easier and more dumb fun. 
- maybe different cups have increasingly difficult and interesting maps. first cup, just collect coins and maybe kill eachother. second cup, add in crackable planets. etc.
- set number of games and then count scores from all games for winner like mario kart?
- or keep playing until there's a winner like in towerfall? -> maybe this b/c it's 1v1 afterall. 


Development phases
- phase 1: basic game for alpha testing -- by 11/10
	fix some bugs first - done
	Timer and score tracker - done
	Make a planet cracking map - done
	Make a menu system to switch between maps - almost
	Simple animation to transition from map to map - done
	Make 2 maps of every game mode
		coin collection
		planet destruction
		alien hunting
		satelite soccer
		hostile survival
	Make a basic overall game menu to select game mode
- phase 2: polish the game
	Special skills
	music
		background music
		sound effects
	art 
		players
		planets
		pick ups
		backgrounds
		menus
	special effects
		landing
		take off
		pick up
		
		
		
		set text color with
// Create a string using the correct color that says 'PLAYER 1' etc based on the tank's color and the player's number.
        m_ColoredPlayerText = "<color=#" + ColorUtility.ToHtmlStringRGB(m_PlayerColor) + ">PLAYER " + m_PlayerNumber + "</color>";
